{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;\red255\green250\blue148;\red225\green33\blue32;
\red117\green117\blue117;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b sharie adamson
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:sharieadamson@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 sharieadamson@gmail.com}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Wed, Jan 4, 2012 at 8:45 AM\
Subject: Instructional Researcher/Designer (Austin, Texas)\
To: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:job-zgrmb-2781756724@craigslist.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 job-zgrmb-2781756724@craigslist.org}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \cb3 ** CRAIGSLIST ADVISORY --- AVOID SCAMS BY DEALING LOCALLY\
** Avoid: \cf4 wiring money, cross-border deals, work-at-home\cf0 \
** Beware: \cf4 cashier checks, money orders, escrow, shipping\cf0 \
** More Info: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.craigslist.org/about/scams"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.craigslist.org/about/scams}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
Greetings!\
\
I am responding to your request for an instructional designer in the education field. I have over 20 years of education experienced and am currently a doctoral student in the field of curriculum and instruction. My specialization is in the field of reading instruction and pedagogy. I have had a variety of experiences writing educational instruction materials. May I ask, is the position a remote contract? I reside in the Austin area.\'a0 If so, I would like to move forward by sending my resume and credentials.\'a0 Thank you-\
\
Kindly,\
\
Sharie Adamson, MEd. \
\
\
From: 
\b Jerry Pharr
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <jerry.pharr@enspire.com>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Thu, Jan 5, 2012 at 1:22 PM\
Subject: Re: Instructional Researcher/Designer (Austin, Texas)\
To: sharieadamson@gmail.com\
\
\
Sharie,\
\
Our office is in Austin, and the engagement would require some in-office time, but most of it could be completed remotely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs26 \cf0 \
Cheers,\
Jerry\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b sharie adamson
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <sharieadamson@gmail.com>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Thu, Jan 5, 2012 at 1:42 PM\
Subject: Re: Instructional Researcher/Designer (Austin, Texas)\
To: Jerry Pharr <jerry.pharr@enspire.com>\
\
\
Thank you, Jerry, for your prompt reply. I have attached my resume, and if my talents match with the specifics of the project requirements, I look forward to hearing from you. Most of my experience with instructional design has been with college-level online course curriculum in the education field. \
\
Kind Regards,\cf5 \
\
Sharie Adamson\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:951%20970-3035"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 951 970-3035}}}