{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b Sher Murray
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:shermurray@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 shermurray@gmail.com}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Wed, Jan 4, 2012 at 10:46 AM\
Subject: Instructional Researcher/Designer Position\
To: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org}}\
\
\
I am attaching my resume in .doc format for consideration for the above referenced position as posted on craigslist austin. I have many years experience as an Instructional Designer, Technical Writer, Technical Trainer, and in Web design and development. For the past five years, I have primarily worked as a vendor at Microsoft, as an Instructional Designer, developing training materials in various formats and conducting training sessions with employees and vendors around the globe. My most recent effort was with frog design, documenting processes and software development for an\'a0 international client, working with designers and SMEs to create software in an agile environment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 I have developed design plans and documentation, project plans and tracking, coordinated with other employees, vendors, and SMEs to product the highest quality, most relevant training materials possible. These training materials have been in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Captivate. I also have experience with Camtasia and developing training materials for an LMS using those videos.\
\
I was the administrator of the LMS at Holland America Line, working with fourteen ships, two training centers, and several maritime institutes across the globe. I developed training materials and ensured compliance with various regulatory agencies and requirements.\
\
I have a thorough grasp of models like ADDIE but have primarily created blended learning and worked within a rapid eLearning model in recent years. I am quick to grasp new software, new requirements, and meet tight deadlines. I am flexible and adaptable, skills that have been enhanced in the development environment. I have developed courseware and taught at the college level, although it has been several years since I was in the classroom. I did teach medical students at Tulane University Medical Center in New Orleans.\
\
I look forward to hearing from you about this position. Thank you for your consideration.\
\'a0\
Sherry Murray\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:512-586-0418"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 512-586-0418}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:shermurray@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 shermurray@gmail.com}}\
}