{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;\red117\green117\blue117;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15380\viewh10580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ---------- Forwarded message ----------\
From: 
\b Leigh Mires
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:leigh@themirescollaborative.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 leigh@themirescollaborative.com}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Mon, Dec 19, 2011 at 2:37 PM\
Subject: Re: Seeking highly experienced ISD\
To: Mindy Jackson <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mindy.jackson@enspire.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mindy.jackson@enspire.com}}>\
\
\
Mindy,\
\
Attached you will find my resume. \'a0I have a wide range of experience from training design to organizational development. \'a0I've also attached an article that I wrote that was published in an industry newsletter. \'a0If you need a more technical writing sample, please let me know.\
\
Thanks so much!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Leigh\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
The Mires Collaborative, LLC\'a0\
To connect now: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:512.217.3183"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 512.217.3183}}\'a0\
To connect later:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:leigh@themirescollaborative.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 leigh@themirescollaborative.com}}\'a0\
Let's get Linked:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.linkedin.com/in/leighmires"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.linkedin.com/in/leighmires}}\
\'a0\
\
On Dec 19, 2011, at 11:29 AM, Mindy Jackson wrote:\
\
Thanks for your reply Leigh!\
\
Can you forward a resume and writing sample? I'm not the decision maker on this hire, but I'll go in a pitch for you.\
\
Thanks!\
Mindy\
\
On Mon, Dec 19, 2011 at 11:23 AM, Leigh Mires \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:leigh@themirescollaborative.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 leigh@themirescollaborative.com}}>\uc0\u8236  wrote:\
Hello Mindy,\
Thank you very much for email. \'a0I would be interested in talking with you about this assignment. \'a0And, I believe I could do a good job for you on this topic.\
Please let me know if you would like to visit. \'a0You can reach me at the number below.\
\
Kind regards,\
Leigh\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 \
The Mires Collaborative, LLC\'a0\
To connect now: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:512.217.3183"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 512.217.3183}}\'a0\
To connect later:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:leigh@themirescollaborative.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 leigh@themirescollaborative.com}}\'a0\
Let's get Linked:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.linkedin.com/in/leighmires"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.linkedin.com/in/leighmires}}\
\'a0
\f0 \
\
On Dec 19, 2011, at 11:01 AM, Mindy Jackson wrote:\
\
Hello and happy holidays to all. I am writing to seek your assistance; and I hope this doesn't feel like a "spam" message. \
\
Enspire Learning is searching for an instructional designer to work on a 3-6 month contract basis. There may be need for travel to Washington D.C. too.\
\
I realize I could post the position to the ASTD\'a0 job board; but I don't want that kind of response. I'm looking for a highly experienced and skilled practitioner -- and I don't want to be awash in applications. The position in question actually involves developing training materials to teach other people how to develop training materials!\
\
If there is someone in your membership or professional circle you would like to recommend, please forward their information to me.\
\
Thank you!\
\
And, best wishes for the merriest of holiday seasons,\
Mindy\
\
-- \
Melinda Jackson\
Director of Instructional Design\
Enspire Learning, Inc.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28512%29%20472-8400%20x298"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 (512) 472-8400 x298}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.enspire.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.enspire.com}}\
\
Follow Enspire on:\
Twitter -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/enspirelearning"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://twitter.com/enspirelearning}}\
LinkedIn -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.linkedin.com/company/enspire-learning"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.linkedin.com/company/enspire-learning}}\
Facebook -\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/EnspireLearning"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.facebook.com/EnspireLearning}}\
}