{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;\red93\green26\blue104;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b Edward Martino
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:ermphd@yahoo.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ermphd@yahoo.com}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Fri, Jan 6, 2012 at 4:28 PM\
Subject: Instrcuctional Designer/Researcher\
To: "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org}}" <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org}}>\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf0 Greetings,\
\
An interesting project! While I do hope that your plans to distribute the materials include electronic means, the topic is perfect for me. I transitioned my career from another IT area to ID and eLearning development in the last 5 years.\
\
As you can see from my attached resume, my background is diverse. PhD is in Experimental Psychology so we I have people centered approach to design and development.\
\
I do favor Adobe Tools a bit having a TCS suite and the current Captivate (ver 5.5). I have ID and Techcomm friends on twitter and while I am approaching 1K followers. I fillow several twitter lists containing important and current information of interest to ID and Techcomm folks. \
\
Your project, if still available, seems well suited to my skills and perspective and I'd relish the opportunity to hear more about it and your marketing plans.\
\
There are some writing and interest samples on my blog at "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://edwardmartino.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://edwardmartino.com}}"\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf3 Ed Martino, PhD\
Instructional Designer\
----------------------
\i0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i\b\fs26 \cf3 On Twitter {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/ermphd"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://twitter.com/ermphd}}
\b0 \

\b What if there was a Univ. of Air?
\b0 \
}