{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b Molly Parker
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:mpwarnock@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 mpwarnock@gmail.com}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Wed, Jan 4, 2012 at 1:40 PM\
Subject: Instructional Researcher/Designer (Austin, Texas)\
To: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:job-zgrmb-2781756724@craigslist.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 job-zgrmb-2781756724@craigslist.org}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 To Whom It May Concern:
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 I am contacting you in regards to the Instructional Researcher position available with your company.\'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 I believe that my education and previous work experiences make me a highly competitive candidate for the Program Coordinator position.\'a0 Through my education and work experiences, I have developed the skills to achieve success within this position.\'a0 I have been working towards earning my graduate degree in business administration.\'a0 This experience has deeply broadened my research skills and abilities.\'a0 I also spent two years working with an educational software company.\'a0 I believe that the knowledge and skills I developed within the position will assist me with successfully meeting the requirements of the position.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Through my graduate studies, I have developed the skills to be an effective and efficient leader.\'a0 I am highly organized, flexible, detail oriented, and a master of time management.\'a0 My graduate studies have also provided me with the ability to be highly resourceful through enhancing my research skills.\'a0 Through my research I have also advanced my written communication skills.\'a0 I have taken numerous communication courses; therefore my verbal communication skills are highly proficient.\'a0 The project management courses I have completed have given me the knowledge to bring organized and effective systems to the position to ensure efficiency within the position.\'a0 I am team oriented, bringing a positive presence to the work culture/environment.\'a0 Yet I also work successfully independently.\'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 I would appreciate the opportunity to interview with the company.\'a0 I look forward to hearing from you soon.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 Thank you for your time and consideration.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 Molly P. Warnock
\f0\fs24 \
}