{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;\red117\green117\blue117;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b Thomas Ates
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:tommyates@hotmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 tommyates@hotmail.com}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Wed, Jan 4, 2012 at 2:33 PM\
Subject: Instructional Researcher/ Designer [Thomas Ates]\
To: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Thomas W. Ates II
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f3 7521 Delafield Ln.
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f3 Austin, TX 78752
\f2 \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:tommyates@hotmail.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f3 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 tommyates@hotmail.com}}\uc0\u8232 
\f3 *{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28513%29%20293-7282"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 (513) 293-7282}}
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f3 [*Ohio area code*]
\f0\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs26 \cf0 January 4, 2011 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f3 Dear Human Resources,
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f3 My name is Thomas Ates and I am interested in the Instructional Researcher/ Designer position with your company.\'a0 In my career, I have been a Technical Writer/ Editor, Business Analyst, and Project Manager, who loves to analyze and drafting business solutions.\'a0 Over the last few years, I have been able to work as an Independent Contractor, creating customized business solutions for clients. 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3 Currently, I wish to create documentation that makes a difference.\'a0 I truly enjoy the opportunity to hone my talents in different ways through messaging/ content writing.\'a0 Through hard work and continued persistence, each and every position has prepared me for the next: increasing in role complexity and responsibility.\'a0 I am building on the self-sufficient skills learned while being a team player interfacing with different facets of an association. 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3 I believe I can be of service to you in a similar capacity.\'a0 My resume is attached with this letter.\'a0 Due to Craigslist attachment-size limits, samples can be sent only to a non-Craigslist email address. I hope to hear from you soon.\'a0 Thank you for your consideration. 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f3 Sincerely,
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf3 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs26 \'a0
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f3\fs26 \cf3 Thomas Ates
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
}