{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;\red0\green22\blue104;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b Christina W. Charnitski, Ph.D.
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:cwcharni@epix.net"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 cwcharni@epix.net}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Fri, Jan 6, 2012 at 8:15 AM\
Subject: Researcher/instructional designer\
To: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jobs@enspire.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 jobs@enspire.com}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 To whom it may concern:\
\'a0\
My husband and I are in the process of transitioning from the northeast to Austin.\'a0 I have been in higher education for 18 years and I am currently employed as a tenured full-time professor at Immaculata University in suburban Philadelphia. I will be leaving my current position in May.\'a0 I have extensive experience in research and in instructional design using the Dick and Carrie model, the Kemp model and the ADDIE model. \'a0I have been developing and implementing online courses since the late 1990s.\'a0 I also have experience with textbook reviews and have an active publishing agenda. I noticed your posting for a researcher/instructional designer, and although my timeline does not coincide with your current needs, \'a0I would like to be considered for contract work in the future.\'a0 I have attached my current CV.\
\'a0\
I will be in Austin from March 1 through March 18.\'a0 If you feel that my skill set is compatible with your needs, I would be available to meet with you during that time.\
\'a0\
Thank you for your time and consideration.\
\
\'a0\
Sincerely,\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs26 \cf3 Christina W. Charnitski, Ph.D.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\fs26 \cf3 Professor of Graduate Education 
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 Immaculata University
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 226 Loyola Hall
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 1145 King Rd.
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 Immaculata, PA\'a0 19345-0684
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 ****************************************
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 office voice: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28610%29%20647-4400%C2%A0%20ext.%203286"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 (610) 647-4400\'a0 ext. 3286}}
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 cell:\'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28570%29%20575-5880"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 (570) 575-5880}}
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 home voice: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28570%29%20587-0005"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 (570) 587-0005}}
\f2 \uc0\u8232 
\f1 fax:\'a0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:1-954-333-2452"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 1-954-333-2452}}\'a0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\'a0\
\
}