{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b Elizabeth 'Izzy' Wallace
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:ec.wallace76@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ec.wallace76@gmail.com}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Thu, Jan 5, 2012 at 4:52 PM\
Subject: Instructional Researcher/Designer\
To: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 job-5zt7x-2781756725@craigslist.org}}\
\
\
Hello,\
\
I saw your ad on Craigslist for the researcher position and I'd like to be considered to fill the role. My background is as a design and innovation strategy consultant and research analyst. Before moving to Austin, I worked for some high profile companies in the San Francisco Bay Area. I have project management experience and have had ample time facing clients, developing professional relationships. \'a0In addition, to help pay for my college tuition, I completed an assistantship with Techbridge, teaching middle school students, at risk youth, blind students, and young women about technology and it's applications.\
\
These days, I'm working on my MBA in design strategy (part-time, one weekend a month) and have taken some time away from the hectic business consulting world (the last two years) to focus on being with a terminally ill family member (hence, the giant hole in my resume). Now, I'm looking to jump back into work that I will enjoy and makes use of my extensive research skills. \
\
On the personal side, I have a great sense of humor and positive outlook on life. I'm also a fitness nut. In fact, I run marathons for fun and charity! I also have a three-legged, six-toed cat with a chip on his shoulder. But, I love him anyway.\
\
I'd love to be considered for the research position. I have attached my resume for your review and I really look forward to\
hearing from you soon. Thanks!\
\
Warmly,\
Liz Wallace\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28650%29%20930-6102"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 (650) 930-6102}}\
Austin, Texas}