{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green46\blue222;\red117\green117\blue117;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b Alex Fitterer
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:alex.fitterer@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 alex.fitterer@gmail.com}}>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Sat, Jan 7, 2012 at 11:14 PM\
Subject: Instructional Researcher/Designer\
To: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:jobs@enspire.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 jobs@enspire.com}}\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qc
\cf0 ALEX FITTERER
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 12610 Riata Trace Parkway #517
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Austin, Texas\'a0 78727
\f1 \uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "tel:%28509%29%20859-2766"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 (509) 859-2766}}\uc0\u8232 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:alex.fitterer@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 alex.fitterer@gmail.com}}
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 January 7, 2012\
Enspire Learning
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 1708 Guadalupe Street
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 Austin, Texas\'a0 78701\
Dear Hiring Manager:\
Please accept my application for the position of Instructional Researcher/Designer advertised on your Web site. I have five years of experience designing, developing, and implementing online, instructor-led, and blended courses. I enjoy the creative, technical, and managerial aspects of instructional design, and if given the opportunity, I believe I could make a significant contribution to Enspire Learning.\
I have been successful in both independent and collaborative settings. I am an administrator of a college\'92s learning management system, and I develop course templates, assessment tools, and evaluation protocols. As the primary designer, I also work closely with faculty groups, management teams, and subject matter experts to design, develop, and implement our online and blended courses. This effort resulted in a 98 percent student retention rate; very positive reviews from students, faculty, and staff; and a no-findings audit from our accreditation agency.\
I also conducted orientation and train-the-trainer sessions in ten campuses spanning four states. These sessions included webinars as well as traditional deliveries.\
I studied technical writing as part of my bachelor\'92s degree in English, and I studied both adult learning theory and best practices for online delivery as part of my master\'92s degree in Instructional Leadership. I am proficient in four learning management systems as well as a variety of authoring software, including Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office, and Captivate.\
If chosen, I will bring enthusiasm, creativity, and leadership to the position. I would appreciate the opportunity to meet with you and discuss how I may help move your goals forward.\
Sincerely,\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf3 Alex Fitterer\
}