{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red117\green117\blue117;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 From: 
\b Angela Davis
\b0  \uc0\u8234 <angelabdavis@gmail.com>\uc0\u8236 \
Date: Wed, Dec 21, 2011 at 10:35 AM\
Subject: Potential Contractor\
To: jerry.pharr@enspire.com\
Cc: matt.lisle@enspire.com\
\
\
Hello Jerry,\
\'a0\
I am Angela Davis - a newly-minted freelancer. My friend, Matt Lisle, forwarded a message to me regarding an upcoming contracting opportunity. I may be the right person to contribute research and writing to your DAU instructional design project. Although my most recent position was in the role of a manager and producer, my professional background includes experience creating written content for museum-based programs and exhibits. Additionally, I have taught at the college level and have spent many years coaching and training professional interpreters (tour guides, docents and other non-traditional educators.) \
\'a0\
I have attached a resume and a writing sample from a recent fundraising project. As you can see, I am not an expert in instructional design. I have, however, had years of experience interpreting and editing expert content for a wide range of audiences. As someone who was very recently in the position of hiring and managing contractors, I understand the challenge of putting together the right team for each project. I would appreciate the opportunity to talk with you about this project in particular and the work of Enspire in general to explore how I might support your company's efforts now or in the future.\
\'a0\
Best,\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \'a0\
Angela Davis\
}